docs: add docs for endpoint logging configs (#8988)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/reference/server-configuration.md

documentation in the [function](/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions)
guide for details.

## `ksql.endpoint.logging.log.queries`

Whether or not to log the query portion of the URI when logging endpoints. Note that enabling 
this may log sensitive information.

## `ksql.endpoint.logging.ignored.paths.regex`

A regex that allows users to filter out logging from certain endpoints. Without this filter, 
all endpoints are logged. An example usage of this configuration would be to disable heartbeat 

> logging (e.g. ksql.endpoint.logging.ignored.paths.regex=.*heartbeat.* which can otherwise be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logging, for example, ksql.endpoint.logging.ignored.paths.regex=.*heartbeat.*, which can otherwise be 
```
